He even eats with me, which I can do, but he doesn’t like you.
I only like my husband, and so do other men.
You want the Lord to die first.
Don't be afraid, I'm with you again.
Me and you, you are the only one who can still be patient with me, brother.
You are wrong. The person I called has not come yet.
OK, I'm still waiting.
No need to wait.
I run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
Run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
Run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run. Run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run.
Run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run, run.